# Setting up the environment

- [Setting up the environment](#setting-up-the-environment)
  - [Installing packages](#installing-packages)
  - [config.json](#configjson)
  - [The databases](#the-databases)
  - [.env (the most time-consuming file)](#env-the-most-time-consuming-file)
    - [BOTTOKEN](#bottoken)
    - [OSUTOKEN](#osutoken)
    - [OSUCLIENTID and OSUCLIENTSECRET](#osuclientid-and-osuclientsecret)
    - [OPENWEATHERKEY (optional)](#openweatherkey-optional)
    - [DOGAPIKEY (optional)](#dogapikey-optional)


## Installing packages
Run `npm install` in the Juustobotti root directory. This will install all the necessary packages. THIS MIGHT FAIL THOUGH!!! If it doesn't work make sure to read the error msg carefully and send me a DM asking about it. Npm can be really scuffed sometimes.


## config.json
Make a file and name it `config.json`. Then copy-paste this inside:
```json
{
    "prefix": "ju!",
    "sqlconfig": {
        "host": "localhost",
        "user": "ubuntu",
        "password": "",
        "database": "juustobotdata"
    },
    "currency": "€"
}
```
The values shown here are just an example, your setup may vary. Make any changes necessary.

## The databases
AFAIK MongoDB doesn't need any setup, but MariaDB does. You need to create the tables necessary. There are two ways of doing this:
1. Run the `setup.js` file (`node setup.js`). This should automatically setup the tables and stuff.
2. Manually create the tables and stuff using your favorite SQL CLI/GUI tool. TODO: write more detailed stuff here :huomenna:

## .env (the most time-consuming file)
**Note: I'm currently making a system where you don't need to fill out every value making it much easier to get the bot up and running. This is very much WIP though...**

Make a file called `.env` and then the fun begins. Here's an example of all the stuff I use:
```sh
BOTTOKEN=""
OSUTOKEN=""
OSUCLIENTID=""
OSUCLIENTSECRET=""
OPENWEATHERKEY=""
DOGAPIKEY=""
WOLFRAMID=""
```

### BOTTOKEN
This means the token for the Discord Bot. You can get this from [here](https://discord.com/developers/applications)

### OSUTOKEN
This is the osu! api v1 token which you can get [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/account/edit#legacy-api)

### OSUCLIENTID and OSUCLIENTSECRET
This is the osu! api v2 client id and secret and you can get them from the same page, just on the OAuth section. [Here's a link](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/account/edit#oauth)

### OPENWEATHERKEY (optional)
This is used for the weather command. You can get the key by registering at [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org) (its free).

### DOGAPIKEY (optional)
Used for the dog command (duh). You can register [here](https://www.thedogapi.com/) to get a key (its free).